you I'm sorry to interrupt you we are
going to go to a press conference that's
being held by AMA hamdan Hamas spokesman
and I do also want to say to something
you mentioned there we have been
reporting what we've been hearing from
the doctors at alifa as well as what
Israel has been claiming we've been
reporting comments from both sides let's
now listen into this press
conference by speaking of the massacres
committed by the new Nazis we all
witness the crimes committed by the Nazi
Zionist Around the Clock yesterday alone
a number of
prgrams were perpetrated alfalah school
was pounded where 150 gazans were killed
and today yet another massacre in Alura
un school it is Affiliated to the honora
it is hoting the flag of the United
Nations yet it was pound Ed by the
Israeli War PLS once again it is also
located within Yunis area an area
alleged by the Israeli occupation forces
to be
safe I assure you that
43 of the victims are from the southern
gin this means that the Israeli
occupation forces does not discriminate
the north from the south they continue
to propagate false reports with the hope
to evacuate the entire North part of
Gaza the recent assault on alifa
hospital as the Israeli occupation
forces surrounded the hospital by
columns of Tanks four days ago today
they storm
the hospital forcing the medical staff
and all the wounded and the victims to
be
evacuated the Israeli occupation forces
simply is sending a symbolic message
because ala hospital is the symbol of
protection now the Israeli Zionist
regime has desecrated the holiest of the
Holy principle there is no room for any
sanctity
in their attacks they in the face of
their military failure and their mental
and moral defeat they were left with
nothing but continue to perpetrate
killing and destruction among the
civilians even the medical supply
storages were not spared the water P
pump the network pipe the water Network
and the electricity
Transformers the director of the Ala
hospital was summoned six
times he was ordered to evacuate and the
response was clear we are not leaving
the Israeli response was shelling the
Intensive Care units all of those in the
Intensive Care units were killed in
addition to that half of the newborn
babies in the incubators were
killed the Israeli occupation forces
recently this morning gave them a 1 hour
ultimatum to leave all those able to
walk must go more than
600 wounded and patients were forced to
leave the majority of the medical team
left the hospitals only only very few
ones remained to take care of the
remaining wounds who are not able to
move what happened at alifa hospital is
part of the series of military
violations and violations of all
principles ethical and
Humane the patience and the wounded were
forced to evacuate at gun point
together with the civilians who took
refuge in the hospital this is yet
another crime unprecedented in history
in addition to that the Israeli
bulldozers exed the mass grave that
doctors were forced to make inside the
hospital yard the dead bodies were exed
and the dead bodies were taken by the
Israelis this is unprecedent Ed in
history the hospital the shifa hospital
has turned into a military
Barracks this is not only a crime
against humanity it is yet a war crime
we expect the whole world the
International Community to stand up to
this and to force the Israeli occupation
forces to abide by the international
resolutions and War conventions
now the Israeli occupation forces are
trying to fabricate evidence as part of
their charade of false
allegations
they are
now turn ala hospital as a command
center for their
operations they are now
defeated later on we expect the Israeli
occupation forces to allege that the
hospital was part of Hamas operations we
hold the United States Administration
liable together with the Israeli
occupation forces also those world
leaders who remain
silent as we speak more than 12,000
Palestinians were killed including 4,000
500 children in addition to 4,000 still
buried under the debris 30,000 wounded
this wouldn't have happened without the
green light given by Biden and his
administration and the protection and
the card blanch given to the Israeli
occupation forces coupled with the
Silence of the whole world those are are
held liable for this genocide War
perpetrated by the new Nazis Zionist
regime with absolute huis and barbarism
before the eyes and the nose of the
whole
world these program coupled with
starvation Siege targeting of hospitals
and schools are part and parcel of the
Zionist regime's plan to forcibly
transfer
gazans to the South as a step towards
expelling them out of the entire gasa
strip however all these plans will be
dashed at the rock of our resistance and
despite all this many of our fellow
gazans civilians gazans remained at home
in the north and as we speak only in
Gaza and up to the north more
than
800,000 Palestinians who are standing
their ground with respect to the
allegations propagated by the Israeli
occupation forces
that there were evidence that captives
were held in ALA to them we say clearly
that Alam Bates that they had had
transferred some of the captives to
receive Medical Treatments as a result
of the barbaric shelling by the Israeli
War Plane and for their own safety and
well-being those captives were
transported to the hospital this was
confirmed by well you've been listening
there to Osama hamdan a Hamas spokesman
speaking at a press conference taking
place in Beirut he's condemned Israeli
actions at alifa hospital Gaz largest
the destruction of facilities equipment
medical supplies the shelling of
buildings he's also addressed the
evacuation of the hospital saying that
it was forced with doctors and patients
forced out of that facility at gunpoint
he's also accused Israeli forces of Exum
Mass graves in that hospital compound
and taking the bodies with them Mr
hamdan says that Israel is fabricating
evidence at alifa to support its claim
that Hamas has been using it as a
command center he says Israel has rather
turned the compound into its own milit
Barracks Hamas has repeatedly said that
Israel has desecrated sacred principles
by targeting civilians and that they
hold United States too responsible for
what they're calling a genocide saying
that's what's taking place right now he
says it's also part of a plan a forc
displacement to eventually push all
Palestinians out of the Gaza Strip